Autumn car! Stop the car quickly!
The car is about to explode! I want to get out of the car!
What is it not?
You go back and do it right! Really! This car has a bomb!
I’m getting off the car anyway! I don’t want to die!
Oops! You can't park here! What's wrong with you?
Open the door quickly! This man must be sick again!
There was everyone! I met one on stage!
They said cars are attractive! Have you forgotten all about them?
I really didn’t lie to you!
These two cars are really going to explode!
The bomb is in the suitcase! If you don't believe me, go check it out!
Otherwise we will all die!
Brother! There's nothing in our suitcase!
Everyone goes through security checks as they move in.
What she said is true
The car will really explode
But the bomb is not in the suitcase
Just why
The suitcase didn't move
i can prove
His car is about to explode
I didn't rush to copy the car
Really not
both of them
It can also be proven
I don't want to die
Stop the car quickly
You two, don't follow me
This is no joke
This thing is true
Even if you don’t get off the car
We also have to get off Chen Ai
You hurry back to your seat
Don't mess with your wife here
I'm really not messing around
If we don't get off the car
Send me someone to save me
refueling cycle